[Music]
here at the disabled folks show Invictus
has launched the 280zx is the first in a
new line of power boats and it's
designed specifically to offer an open
sporting power voting experience that
more people can afford and one of the
key differences here is the shape of the
bell we've become accustomed to
Invictus is half the reverse found not
least on the 280 GT but here it's much
broader there's plenty of space to
sunbathe and it also has some useful
benefits down below the forward most
part of the cabin there is a little
extra bricks that the bed is very short
it's also very little lighting rest from
the tiny windows and there's no galley
no options to spec and you get any
equipment on the plus size compare it to
the 280 GT there's a little more
Headroom and a slightly more spacious
head compartment you can forgive a
sporting open powerboat for its cabin
limitations as long as the cockpit is
right and happily it is you get a
reversing to practice so you can join
the rest of the diner's a convertible
last section and it also backs up its
talk of affordability with the price
just a shade over a hundred thousand
euros and that's a full 40 thousand
cheaper than the GT model
[Music]